[issue/10] - Added report setup (#11)
teamulster2/report: report/00_abstract/00_abstract.md

# Abstract

> Probably everyone knows the feeling of fatigue. It is a natural signal of the human body to show that it needs a break and rest. However, as soon as this state of fatigue lasts longer and does not go back through short breaks, you should think about cognitive fatigue. This is a state of fatigue, that persists after long-term cognitive and mental stress. This report now looks at a methodology to use a cross platform application to determine cognitive fatigue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being fatigued is a common state of everyone's daily life. It is a natural sign of your body that signals you to have a break and rest. However, as soon as this state of fatigue lasts longer and does not go back through short breaks, you could consider yourself being cognitively fatigued. This type of fatigue persists after long-term cognitive and mental stress. The purpose of this report is to look at a methodology to use a cross platform application to determine cognitive fatigue.

```
